# Assignment-2 reflection 
I used Cinemagoer to compare several movie reviews for 2 different movies: The Purge and The Hunger Games. Both movies are popular dystopian films set in the future. For each movie I used the first 3 reviews so I would have enough data and extracted the most popular words used. Then after doing that, I compared 2 movies to see if they had words in common. Since they are popular movies in this genre I hoped to find overlap in the reviews. The presence in overlap of the movie themes implies that there could be further software built to find these themes. Polishing this system could help build a better movie recommendation system or even an understanding of how software can search for similar items to recommend similar films for a company like Netflix, Hulu or HBO Max. With the rise of streaming platforms, a lot of companies are looking towards improving their user experience, so this software is particularly relevant. 
My code works by returning the first three reviews of each movie, into a dictionary with word frequencies. Then based on those words, I put the few words that showed up in at least two of the reviews in a list for that movie. Then the software tells the user the words in each list. For this element I tried to automate the process as much as possible, but I ran into some issues with that. I wanted my software to take the dictionary of frequencies and compare each review for words, without me having to write the list items manually. 
Alternatively, I wanted to use a loop that would go through every key in the dictionary and automatically delete the filler words such as the, about, a, by, and etc. However, each review used so many different filler words that I would need to make a complete list in a separate document to tell the function which words could be deleted. I chose not to use this because it was not general and I would have to search each review to make sure all the filler words would be included. This would take way longer than the method I currently used. 
After analyzing the texts I found similarities in the language of the reviews. The whole point of my project is to determine words that could be used to describe a movie based on a few reviews. Obviously in a review the most common words are filler words so analyzing the most common words would not have been effective. However, it was interesting to see that people generally thought the same of each movie. Aside from filler words, people generally use the same descriptive words for each movie.
For example, in the Hunger Games review, the word dystopian is mentioned a lot to describe the movie. Also people mentioned that the movie was a film adaptation. So if a user liked The Hunger Games and wanted to find a movie based on the major themes they could. From these reviews we have derived that The Hunger Games is a dystopian centered film and that it came from a book. For the second movie, The Purge the word villain was used the most throughout the first three reviews. Based on the movie synopsis, I did not expect to see this word appear in every review. This raises the question of what words are actually relevant to the movie. Having software determine which words are relevant might be beyond the capabilities of a program. 
Additionally, I expected to find a significant overlap in the words used between each movie but there were not that many. Although the genre is similar, the reviews did not use the same language. This helped me to determine that the reviews may not be the most effective way to find similarities between the movies. It works a lot better to find the themes of each individual movie but not across several movies. 
I could have improved on Iterating and generalizing the code to make it work no matter the review. For example in my main function I could have found a way to iterate through the first three reviews for each movie, without me having to list it out. This would also help with generalizing the code. If I generalized the process for the reviews I could have made it work for any movie. Right now the code is specific for the two movies. All the variables are named after the movie and made specifically for that part. If I were to change the code I would find a way to generalize the process so I could sort through more reviews and different movies without having to manually sort the data. For this program to work exactly as I intended it would have to be revised a lot more, but it accomplishes the basic goal. 
